unit3_javascript/asyncActivity_Nov1.md, before:

### For students learning JavaScript please follow the instructions below
1. Describe the difference between var, let, and const. Your answer can be
formatted as a comment or a string. 

variables are a comstruct that allows us to shore
vairables operate on a key/ value pair
const
let can be changed 
const cant be changed 

2. Use what you've learned about data types and variables and create three 
variables that when multiplied together will result in the value 4000. 
I can use integers,float, and boolen and if yoy mulipe that will get 4,000

Research the console.log() function on w3schools to output your result in the terminal. 
3. Describe a scenario where you would use the let variable and when you 
would use a const variable in a computer program. Your answer can be
formatted as a comment or a string. 

4. If there were three things you that feel could improve the class, what would those things be and why?
Your answer can be formatted as a comment or a string. 
//there isnt anything i would change bout this class

Commit message:

change and uploaded  async assigment

unit3_javascript/asyncActivity_Nov1.md, after:

### For students learning JavaScript please follow the instructions below
1. Describe the difference between var, let, and const. Your answer can be
The difference between var, let is a data that can change
while const has data that wont change




2. Use what you've learned about data types and variables and create three 
variables that when multiplied together will result in the value 4000. 
(2 x 2 x 1000 = 4000)

Research the console.log() function on w3schools to output your result in the terminal. 
3. Describe a scenario where you would use the let variable and when you 
would use a const variable in a computer program. Your answer can be
formatted as a comment or a string. 
A scenario where the let variable would be used is the date on your device. A scenario where the const variable would be used is the calculator apps format.'


4. If there were three things you that feel could improve the class, what would those things be and why?
Your answer can be formatted as a comment or a string. 
//there isnt anything i would change bout this class
i dont think there is anything you can change bout this class
